so today we're discussing bebop
articulation for saxophone this is a
really good little exercise just to work
on your tummy and to start articulating
in kind of a you know bebop style so go
ahead and write the articulations this
is just a little chromatic exercise and
but we're gonna play it instead of just
playing it we're gonna articulate these
things
[Music]
so listen to that one more time and just
keep in mind that I am not stopping the
air the air is flowing through the whole
thing so
[Music]
so I'm basically just stopping the air
with my tongue well I think I was
probably way outside the video but
hopefully you can at least hear how that
sounds so I was just stopping the air
with my tongue you know as the air is
still continuing to flow through the
horn so let me just say one last thing
about it if you're going to play this as
a longer line something like
[Music]
so if we were going to play this line
I'll just play it straight with no with
no timing
now I'll tongue it with bebop
articulation so the only difference
between this and this that I want to
point out that's not too sloppy jeez is
that when playing this line we're going
to articulate so you see the thing just
it starts with the two articulated notes
and then it's every other
[Music]
and then Bessel back to this one you
might want to try this exercise at
different places on a saxophone so
you're you're also working on your
chromatics you know
[Music]
all right folks thanks for checking it
out hopefully you got something out of
this and we will see you in the next
video bye